# Title
> Lovely Lawns
## Team Members
> Victor Lor, Jaskaran Chahal, Syed Hassan

 

## Nickname

> Lovely Lawns Project


## Description 
>  Our app will be a social platform dedicated to all things gardening. For example, if user wants to build their garden, they can use our app to get ideas to build an amazing garden. Users will be able to create their own profile and then create posts asking questions for something they need help with or navigate through forums created by other users in order to find the information they need.
>
> Users will also be able to reply to others' posts in order to answer questions or further discuss something. Users can also subscribe to certain forums that they wish to remain updated on. When opening the app the user will first see the forums they are subscribed to and can then navigate through the app to see other posts.
> 
> Admins will be able to monitor forums and delete posts and/or comments that would be considered inappropriate or not about gardening. 

##Instructions
> The project has a lot of stuff that still needs to be done. localhost:8080/home is the admin view and localhost:8080/index is the guest user home. Uploading the forums and posts into myphpadmin should allow the post and forums to pop up on the /home and /index pages. localhost:8080/posts is the plant API. By typing in certain plants in the title it will return the plant information. Try "sunflower" or "white ash." If it prompts for the login username it is "user" and the password is autogenerated in the IntelliJ Console. 
